Improve README (#137)
theforeman/foreman_puppet: README.md

# ForemanPuppet

[![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/foreman_puppet.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/foreman_puppet)

> [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/theforeman/foreman_puppet/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/theforeman/foreman_puppet)

Author: @ezr-ondrej do we want such a code climate badge? I've seen them in foreman_remote_execution and some other plugins.
I guess this badge needs to be configured in some way or form?

Reviewer: we would need to allow code climate for this repository. I'm ok with that but that's more of a "do developers for this repo want to be held to higher code quality standards". I would like the answer to be yes, but I don't see it necessary :)

Author: I'll remove the badge for now :)

[![GPL License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/theforeman/foreman_ansible.svg)](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_ansible/blob/master/LICENSE)

This plugin adds Puppet External node classification functionality to [Foreman](theforeman.org).

* Website: [theforeman.org](http://theforeman.org)
* Support: [Foreman support](http://theforeman.org/support.html)

## Features

* Puppet dashboards
* Puppet
    * Environments
    * Classes
    * Config groups
    * Smart Class parameters
* Host / Hostgroup
    * Classes assignment
    * Environment assignment
    * Puppet proxy assignment
* Puppet ENC (external node classifier)
* Smartproxy Puppet status/tab
* Template hostgroup / environment

## Compatibility

> The functionality will be extracted from Foreman 3.0. Therefore, this plugin is only required for 3.0 and onwards.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Foreman 3.0 will be the first release where the Puppet functionality is fully extracted. Therefore, this plugin is only required for 3.0 and higher.  
```

I think the *from* makes it sound like it is happening in 3.0 rather than

Author: Thanks. I've changed the wording to your version.

You can install it on Foreman 2.5 to prepare for the Foreman update.

|Foreman version|Plugin version|Notes                                     |
|---------------|--------------|------------------------------------------|
| >= 3.0        | ~> 1.0       | Required                                 |
| >= 2.5        | ~> 1.0       | Optional; replaces Core features         |
| < 2.5         | -            | Not supported (functionality is in Core) |
## Installation

> See [How_to_Install_a_Plugin](http://projects.theforeman.org/projects/foreman/wiki/How_to_Install_a_Plugin)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [How_to_Install_a_Plugin](https://theforeman.org/plugins/#2.Installation)
```

Reviewer 3: We could name the package names here, e.g. answer what rpm needs to be installed or what yum command has to be issued to install the plugin. Or does it make sense to only use the installer?

Author: I guess the preferred way should be to use the installer. Some plugins do contain manual installation instructions; some don't. We could add a note here.
The version is irrelevant as one should use the newest version of the plugin from the matching plugin repository (same version as Foreman core).

for how to install Foreman plugins

## Usage

The usage is identical to the prior core functionality:

- Import *environments* and *classes* from a Smartproxy
- Optionally define *Smart Class* parameters
- Assign *environment* and *classes* to *Hosts / Hostgroups* 
- Use the *Puppet ENC* on your Puppetserver(s) to query Foreman

> ## TODO

Author: Are there any noteworthy TODOs, we should add here?

Reviewer 3: Imho TODOs belong in issues, not in a README file.

We could ask folks to reports bugs or issues as Github issues, though.

# ForemanPuppet

[![Gem Version](https://img.shields.io/gem/v/foreman_puppet.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/foreman_puppet)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/theforeman/foreman_puppet/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/theforeman/foreman_puppet)

> [![GPL License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/theforeman/foreman_ansible.svg)](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_ansible/blob/master/LICENSE)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[![GPL License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/theforeman/foreman_puppet.svg)](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_puppet/blob/master/LICENSE)
```

This plugin adds Puppet External node classification functionality to [Foreman](theforeman.org).

* Website: [theforeman.org](http://theforeman.org)
* Support: [Foreman support](http://theforeman.org/support.html)

## Features

* Puppet dashboards
* Puppet
    * Environments
    * Classes
    * Config groups
    * Smart Class parameters
* Host / Hostgroup
    * Classes assignment
    * Environment assignment
    * Puppet proxy assignment
* Puppet ENC (external node classifier)
* Smartproxy Puppet status/tab
* Template hostgroup / environment

## Compatibility

> Foreman 3.0 will be the first release where the Puppet functionality is fully extracted.

Reviewer 3: Puppet CA and Reports are still a core feature. Is `fully extracted` misleading here?

Reviewer 2: Hmm, good point. How about: 
```suggestion
Foreman 3.0 will be the first release where the Puppet functionality that is included in this plugin will be unavailable in Foreman core.
```

Author: I've just used `mostly removed` and added the remaining features in core in a the section above.

Reviewer: It is, but there is a plan to extract it here before 3.0 :)

Therefore, this plugin is only required for 3.0 and onwards.  
You can install it on Foreman 2.5 to prepare for the Foreman update.

|Foreman version|Plugin version|Notes                                     |
|---------------|--------------|------------------------------------------|
| >= 3.0        | ~> 1.0       | Required                                 |

> | >= 2.5        | ~> 1.0       | Optional; replaces Core features         |

Reviewer: just a nit: do we want to release 0.1 now and 1.0 with foreman 3 ?
